For each assignment, copy this file into your homework
submission directory and answer all questions.

Did I write all the code myself? Written in collaboration between Hiya Bhavsar and Barry Diaz
   - Don't copy and paste code from the internet, your
     classmates, sample solutions, or anywhere else.
     Review https://stevens.netmeister.org/631/#plagiarism

Did I use any AI technologies? No If so, did I properly
acknowledge this help? 
   - Review https://stevens.netmeister.org/631/use-of-ai.html


Does my code follow the style guide? Yes
   - Code is communication.  Make sure your code is
     readable, well-structured, properly indented,
     with sensibily named variables and functions.


Does my code compile without warnings or errors on a
NetBSD 9.x system? Yes
  - Always use *at least* 'cc -Wall -Werror -Wextra',
    possibly
    'cc -ansi -g -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wformat=2 -Wjump-misses-init -Wlogical-op -Wpedantic -Wshadow'.


Did I provide a Makefile? Yes
  - 'make' should use the above CFLAGS and produce an
    executable


Did I provide a README to explain any problems or
issues I encountered? Yes
  - Make sure that your text is well-formatted, plain
    ASCII in proper English.  Use a spell checker.


Did I check the return value of all function calls? Yes
  - Yes, that does include but is not limited to malloc(3).


Did I send error messages to stderr?  Did I use
strerror(3) or perror(3) etc. to print meaningful
error messages? Yes


Did I use only meaningful and necessary comments? Yes
  - Your comments should explain the 'why', not the
    'what'.

Does my program only generate meaningful output? Yes
Debugging information should be removed.


Does my program return zero on success, non-zero otherwise? Yes


Did I make sure that my .h files only include function
forward declarations, macros, etc., no function
implementations or other code? Yes


Did I check that I have avoided code duplication?
Writing the same or very similar code multiple times
is a sign that my program could benefit from being
restructured. Yes


For any string manipulation, did I use size-bounded
functions? Yes
  - Use strlcat(3)/strlcpy(3) instead of
    strcat(3)/strlcat(3) etc.